docs/developer/i18n.md, before:

# Internationalization (i18n)
## i18n
We use the [http://i18next.com/](http://i18next.com/) i18n library for translations.
- usage - data attribute: `<td data-i18n='cartSubTotals.items'>`
- usage - template helper: `{{i18n 'cartDrawer.empty' 'Your cart is empty.'}}`
- usage - reference:  `<thead data-i18n>cartSubTotals.head</thead>`
- usage - implied tag: `<td data-i18n>Item Count</td>`
- usage - alerts `Alerts.add "Message!", "danger", i18nKey: "productDetail.outOfStock"`
- usage - js `i18n.t(gridPackage.pkgDisabled)`

_Keys should be camelCase, no spaces, no periods._

The fallback language is EN, so all new translations should go in `reaction-core/private/data/i18n/en.json`, and will fallback to English for other language files if they are missing entries.

**Recommended implementation**

```
<thead data-i18n='cartSubTotals.head'>Your cart</thead>
```

This will first use "Your cart", then will fetch translations from the `Translations` collection. IE for English, will look in `en` for

```
{
  "cartSubTotals": {
    "head": "Your cart"
    }
}
```

If there is no entry in English dictionary, we'll just use the text value from the template.

## Pricing Localization
Currency formatting is determined by users locale currency. The currency formatting is stored in the `Shops.currencies` object, and the configuration data is available in the client as `ReactionCore.Locale`

We've created `formatPrice` and `currencySymbol` helpers for using in templates:

```
{{formatPrice price}}
```

We use the [accounting.js](https://openexchangerates.github.io/accounting.js/) library for formatting.

Typical usage is `price = accounting.formatMoney price, ReactionCore.Locale.currency`

_Note: changing base shop currency is not reactive. Refresh/restart to see changes._

## RTL - Right to Left
Support for Right to Left languages.  See [themes.md](https://github.com/reactioncommerce/reaction/blob/development/docs/developer/themes.md)

The `rtl` class is added when the shops.languages language direction is 'rtl'. See [core-theme/default/mixins.less](https://github.com/danielgindi/reaction-core-theme/blob/development/default/mixins.less#L200) file for RTL mixins that you should use instead of standard css properties when editing LESS themes.

## Fixture Data
Initial translation data that gets loaded with a new shop is located in `private/data/i18n/*.json`

Every package that supplies translations should add a fixture for translations that add their own namespace (ie: helloworld), and insert initial translations into the `translations` collection.

New languages will need to edit the languages array in the shops collection, or in the fixture data `reaction-core/private/data/Shops.json`.  The `i18n` value should match file name in `private/data/i18n/*`.

```
  "languages": [
      {
        "label": "العربية",
        "i18n": "ar",
        "enabled": true,
        "languageDirection": "rtl"
      }
  ]
```

### Flushing Translations
From browser console, when logged in as administrator you can use:

```
Meteor.call("flushTranslations");
```

Alternately, you can delete the Translations collection and restart Meteor.

Commit message:

Add a note on how to add a currency.

docs/developer/i18n.md, after:

# Internationalization (i18n)
## i18n
We use the [http://i18next.com/](http://i18next.com/) i18n library for translations.
- usage - data attribute: `<td data-i18n='cartSubTotals.items'>`
- usage - template helper: `{{i18n 'cartDrawer.empty' 'Your cart is empty.'}}`
- usage - reference:  `<thead data-i18n>cartSubTotals.head</thead>`
- usage - implied tag: `<td data-i18n>Item Count</td>`
- usage - alerts `Alerts.add "Message!", "danger", i18nKey: "productDetail.outOfStock"`
- usage - js `i18n.t(gridPackage.pkgDisabled)`

_Keys should be camelCase, no spaces, no periods._

The fallback language is EN, so all new translations should go in `reaction-core/private/data/i18n/en.json`, and will fallback to English for other language files if they are missing entries.

**Recommended implementation**

```
<thead data-i18n='cartSubTotals.head'>Your cart</thead>
```

This will first use "Your cart", then will fetch translations from the `Translations` collection. IE for English, will look in `en` for

```
{
  "cartSubTotals": {
    "head": "Your cart"
    }
}
```

If there is no entry in English dictionary, we'll just use the text value from the template.

## Pricing Localization
Currency formatting is determined by users locale currency. The currency formatting is stored in the `Shops.currencies` object, and the configuration data is available in the client as `ReactionCore.Locale`

We've created `formatPrice` and `currencySymbol` helpers for using in templates:

```
{{formatPrice price}}
```

We use the [accounting.js](https://openexchangerates.github.io/accounting.js/) library for formatting.

Typical usage is `price = accounting.formatMoney price, ReactionCore.Locale.currency`

_Note: changing base shop currency is not reactive. Refresh/restart to see changes._

To add a currency you can add an entry in `Shops.currencies` however the currency must be supported by Open Exchange
Rates service to get automatic conversion for a user's locale. Add the entry to `Shops.json` in the 
`reaction-sample-data` package to load the currency on install/reset.

## RTL - Right to Left
Support for Right to Left languages.  See [themes.md](https://github.com/reactioncommerce/reaction/blob/development/docs/developer/themes.md)

The `rtl` class is added when the shops.languages language direction is 'rtl'. See [core-theme/default/mixins.less](https://github.com/danielgindi/reaction-core-theme/blob/development/default/mixins.less#L200) file for RTL mixins that you should use instead of standard css properties when editing LESS themes.

## Fixture Data
Initial translation data that gets loaded with a new shop is located in `private/data/i18n/*.json`

Every package that supplies translations should add a fixture for translations that add their own namespace (ie: helloworld), and insert initial translations into the `translations` collection.

New languages will need to edit the languages array in the shops collection, or in the fixture data `reaction-core/private/data/Shops.json`.  The `i18n` value should match file name in `private/data/i18n/*`.

```
  "languages": [
      {
        "label": "العربية",
        "i18n": "ar",
        "enabled": true,
        "languageDirection": "rtl"
      }
  ]
```

### Flushing Translations
From browser console, when logged in as administrator you can use:

```
Meteor.call("flushTranslations");
```

Alternately, you can delete the Translations collection and restart Meteor.
